summer
You have killed the roots of our old Chen family
I beg you to let it go, let it go, okay?
I beg you
Silly day
You're yelling outside, it's your fault
You still force your mother to apologize to your mother like this
Finally about to be discovered
Mom is finally about to find out that her only daughter is dying
Ouch summer
How do you shave your head in the winter?
This girl in your family's Spring Festival Gala is too personalized, right?
Got bald
Are you going to become a monk?
Have you ever felt as if you lost weight in summer?
Is she sick?
He's so contentious!
What's wrong with him?
He just because I said a few words to him
He shaved his hair.
You all say
I have raised such an enemy for so many years
Take this with you.
You are not ashamed, I am ashamed
Is it you who cheated on Chen Dongru in the summer?
Dear, is it you?
Still not going
Dear, my aunt didn't break up with me.
It's all done by my cousin
There are so many men out there
Why do you still spoil my man?
Yeah, my god.
Why are you so shameless?
Even your cousin's man is stronger
Are you leaving a man, you can't live?